Introduction to the background of the game
In the year 2533, when the Earth's resources are scarce, many governments joined forces to set up The Hope project with the intention of saving humanity. Together they select the members of a pioneering team. Under the code name "Seed", they are sent into space to seek new resources and habitats for humanity.
    
The ship detects an Earth-like planet on its flight but is hit by flying debris just as it is about to arrive and crashes onto it .........


Basic settings
1?The Four Elements Countries
At the beginning of this planet, three elemental cores appeared, ice, fire and wood, which were scattered in three areas of the planet. As time passed, these three areas absorbed the power of the cores and gradually showed traces of life, and slowly gave birth to three nations dominated by each element. The nations flourished peacefully, but 500 years ago the sudden appearance of an earthling shattered the peace. A part of the Wood country was over-exploited under his guidance and the environment deteriorated, thus the country represented by the Earth element was born. At the same time, the core of the energy of the Wood country, the Core of Wood, was lost and the whole country fell into silence.

(1)Countries represented by the fire element
  A nation born from the power of the Fire Core, which is held sacred by the kings and priests of each generation and secretly hidden in the deepest recesses of the castle. The whole country is surrounded by lava and possesses the power of fire in its purest form.

(2)Countries represented by the fire element
A nation born from the power of the Ice Core, the whole country is covered in ice and snow and is always in extreme day or night. Disputes have often broken out with the Land of Fire, but later on, the efforts of the priests of both countries have led to peaceful coexistence and the opening of access roads at the border for the citizens of both countries to trade between them.



(3)Countries represented by the Wood element
A nation born from the power of the Wood Core, The whole country is covered by a large number of trees and meadows, the one with the most life, and as a result the Core of Wood also has the power to heal. Originally, the Land of Wood was the largest, but the sudden arrival of a young priest who proposed accelerated development led to a part of the forest being cut down and gradually deserted. And the people in that part of the land established the Land of Earth.

(4)Countries represented by the Earth
The Land of Earth was originally part of the Land of Wood, but due to over-exploitation, it has gradually turned into the present situation where no grass grows. The entire country is covered with desert, Due to the loss of the Wooden Core, they can only survive by trading rare ores for core energy with other countries.

2Nick the Earthling
Nick is an Earthling from the year 2022 who crashes into this planet's asteroid belt after his ship mistakenly runs out of energy while on a mission. Waking from a coma, he finds himself in a strange room surrounded by flowers and green vines. He found that he could understand the people here and could communicate with them as well, and the people here told him that it was all the power of the holy relics.

After talking to the people here he understood that he was now on a strange planet where the whole planet depended on the power of three holy objects to survive and that the country he was now in, the Land of Wood, depended on the power of the Wood Element. Nick began to wonder if the power of the Wooden Core could help him return to Earth, as his ship had lost its power. So he borrowed some energy from the people here and tried to repair the ship's energy pods. After trying he found out that the power of the Wooden Core was useful for repairing the pods, but it was not enough, it needed more than just energy, it needed some actual resources.

Nick started to show the King of the Core of Wood country some magical items that were not available here and said that they could have them if the King wanted and that they could greatly accelerate the development of the country. After some discussion with the priests the king agreed to Nick's offer and gave him the position of a minor priest. Nick then began to explore around and found a large mineral resource under the ground to the west of the Land of Wood, so he cut down the forest to the west in large quantities on the grounds that he wanted to use the wood to make items in bulk that would speed up production and ordered the people here to mine the minerals downwards. The rate of mining was so fast that the trees and grasses became extinct from the west.,

After getting the rare ore he needed and finding it impossible to smelt, Nick remembered that there was still a country on the planet that was represented by the element of fire. So he disguised himself and set off from the Land of Wood to find the Land of Fire.

When Nick arrived in the Land of Fire he started snooping around and, finding out that the Land of Fire and the Land of Ice were hostile to each other, he managed to meet the King of the Land of Fire and assured him that he could convince the King of the Land of Ice that the two countries could live together in peace and also trade with each other. Impressed by some of the items he brought from the Land of Wood as well as rare ores, the King of the Land of Fire agreed to his request and allowed him to travel to the Land of Ice as an emissary of the Land of Fire.

Upon arriving in the Land of Ice, Nick was given a hard time by the King of the Land of Ice, but instead of panicking, Nick just waited patiently for the King to summon him. After waiting for several days, the king finally summoned him, and with his persuasion, the king agreed to live in peace with the Land of Fire and to set up a road at the border between the two countries to facilitate the movement of people and trade between the two countries.

Since then, Nick has obtained all the materials he needs to return to the Land of Wood to repair his ship, but he didn't realize that his actions in the Land of Wood had caused the people in the western part of the Land of Wood to become resentful, and they organized a rebellion against the Land of Wood and became a new nation called the Land of Earth, and his ship was completely damaged beyond repair in the struggle, and the Wooden Core was lost in the revolt. Nick realises the mistake he has made and stays in Kinokuni to find the Core and restore the prosperity of the Land of Earth. ........
